README.md, before:

# A runing IKEv2 VPN's container on apline linux system
## Overview ##
Let the IKEv2 vpn service run in the Docker container, do not need too much configuration, you just take the mirror on the Docker server, then run a container, the container generated certificate copy installed on your client, you can connect vpn The server. Welcome everyone's discussion！:blush:

## Features
* based on apline image and Using supervisor to protect the IPSec process
* StrongSwan provides ikev2 VPN service
* In addition to Android and Linux, but other devices(Winodws 7+,Mac,iOS) by default comes with IKEv2 dial clients
* When the container is run, the certificate file is dynamically generated based on the environment variable (last version)
* Combined with Freeradius achieve Authentication, authorization, and accounting (AAA) (last version)

## Prerequisites
* The host can use physical machines, virtual machines, and VPS.
* The host machines and containers must be opened within ip_forward （net.ipv4.ip_forward）
* The host machines Install Docker engine.

## Usage examples
1. Clone git
```Bash
# git clone https://github.com/aliasmee/alpine-ikev2-vpn.git
```

2. Using docker build can create an automated build image,Then use the following command to run
```Bash
# cd alpine-ikev2-vpn/
# docker build -t ikev2 .
# docker run -itd --privileged -v /lib/modules:/lib/modules -e HOSTIP='Your's Public network IP' -e VPNUSER=jack -e VPNPASS="jack&opsAdmin" -p 500:500/udp -p 4500:4500/udp --name=ikev2-vpn ikev2
```
    **HOSTIP :Public network must be your host IP**
    **[$VPNUSER] & [$VPNPASS] env Optional,The function is to customize the user name and password to connect to the VPN service.**
    **Defalut vpnuser is testUserOne,passwd is testOnePass**


3. Use the following command to generate the certificate and view the certificate contents
```Bash
# docker exec -it ikev2-vpn sh /usr/bin/vpn
net.ipv4.ip_forward = 1
ipsec: stopped
ipsec: started
Below the horizontal line is the content of the certificate. Copy the content to a file in the .cert suffix format. Such as: vpn.cert
______________________________________________________________
-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----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==
-----END CERTIFICATE-----
```

4. Copy this certificate to the remote client and name it xxx.cert or xxx.cert（Note：Windows need to modify the suffix pem for cer can be installed）
example:<br>
![](https://github.com/aliasmee/IKEv2-radius-vpn/blob/master/Mac_install_cert.png)
6. Connect vpn it！

## Other Tips
1. If you want to add VPN users, you can run the following command to enter the container and edit the ipsec.secrets file.
```bash
# docker exec -it ikev2-vpn bash
bash-4.3# vi /usr/local/etc/ipsec.secrets
```
    **Pattern: testUserOne %any : EAP "testOnePass" **
## Plan list
* Dynamically generated based on the environment variable （Completed）

## Currently supported client device 
Only test for the following client device system，You can test on the other system versions and feedback ！<br>
`Mac`:	10.11.4<br>
`iOS`:	10.2<br>
`Windows`:	10<br>
`Centos`:	6.8<br>
`Android`：(Download strongSwan APK)

## Authors
Name:	Yifeng Han<br>
e-mail:	 xhanyifeng@gmail.com

## Licensing
This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License - see the [LICENSE.md](https://github.com/aliasmee/IKEv2-radius-vpn/blob/master/LICENSE) file for details

## Acknowledgments
https://www.strongswan.org/

Commit message:

add docker pull example
add docker pull example

README.md, after:

# A runing IKEv2 VPN's container on apline linux system
## Overview ##
Let the IKEv2 vpn service run in the Docker container, do not need too much configuration, you just take the mirror on the Docker server, then run a container, the container generated certificate copy installed on your client, you can connect vpn The server. Welcome everyone's discussion！:blush:

## Features
* based on apline image and Using supervisor to protect the IPSec process
* StrongSwan provides ikev2 VPN service
* In addition to Android and Linux, but other devices(Winodws 7+,Mac,iOS) by default comes with IKEv2 dial clients
* When the container is run, the certificate file is dynamically generated based on the environment variable (last version)
* Combined with Freeradius achieve Authentication, authorization, and accounting (AAA) (last version)

## Prerequisites
* The host can use physical machines, virtual machines, and VPS.
* The host machines and containers must be opened within ip_forward （net.ipv4.ip_forward）
* The host machines Install Docker engine.

## Usage examples
1. Clone git
```Bash
# git clone https://github.com/aliasmee/alpine-ikev2-vpn.git
```
Or use `docker pull` to download images to the local
```Bash
# docker pull hanyifeng/alpine-ikev2-vpn
```
Then run `docker run` command.


2. Using docker build can create an automated build image,Then use the following command to run
```Bash
# cd alpine-ikev2-vpn/
# docker build -t ikev2 .
# docker run -itd --privileged -v /lib/modules:/lib/modules -e HOSTIP='Your's Public network IP' -e VPNUSER=jack -e VPNPASS="jack&opsAdmin" -p 500:500/udp -p 4500:4500/udp --name=ikev2-vpn ikev2
```
    **HOSTIP :Public network must be your host IP**
    **[$VPNUSER] & [$VPNPASS] env Optional,The function is to customize the user name and password to connect to the VPN service.**
    **Defalut vpnuser is testUserOne,passwd is testOnePass**


3. Use the following command to generate the certificate and view the certificate contents
```Bash
# docker exec -it ikev2-vpn sh /usr/bin/vpn
net.ipv4.ip_forward = 1
ipsec: stopped
ipsec: started
Below the horizontal line is the content of the certificate. Copy the content to a file in the .cert suffix format. Such as: vpn.cert
______________________________________________________________
-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----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==
-----END CERTIFICATE-----
```

4. Copy this certificate to the remote client and name it xxx.cert or xxx.cert（Note：Windows need to modify the suffix pem for cer can be installed）
example:<br>
![](https://github.com/aliasmee/IKEv2-radius-vpn/blob/master/Mac_install_cert.png)
6. Connect vpn it！

## Other Tips
1. If you want to add VPN users, you can run the following command to enter the container and edit the ipsec.secrets file.
```bash
# docker exec -it ikev2-vpn bash
bash-4.3# vi /usr/local/etc/ipsec.secrets
```
    **Pattern: testUserOne %any : EAP "testOnePass" **
## Plan list
* Dynamically generated based on the environment variable （Completed）

## Currently supported client device 
Only test for the following client device system，You can test on the other system versions and feedback ！<br>
`Mac`:	10.11.4<br>
`iOS`:	10.2<br>
`Windows`:	10<br>
`Centos`:	6.8<br>
`Android`：(Download strongSwan APK)

## Authors
Name:	Yifeng Han<br>
e-mail:	 xhanyifeng@gmail.com

## Licensing
This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License - see the [LICENSE.md](https://github.com/aliasmee/IKEv2-radius-vpn/blob/master/LICENSE) file for details

## Acknowledgments
https://www.strongswan.org/
